are you aware that olivia is in love
with your boyfriend she's mine we stop
Penelope damn
Miguel it Olivia let's get this party
started type garnet truth what are your
intentions with our suite Olivia I
needed to find someone with friends that
I could trick into coming here I could
tell Olivia was a music argot I brought
you all up here cuz I'm okay with
strangers dying if it means I get to
live what the hell the game is real okay
wherever you go whatever you do it'll
find you okay yeah something really
weird has been going on ever since
Mexico oh come on I'm seeing things
truth all right there
dare I know it sounds insane just a
little this fine young lady here dared
me to show you my business Carter said
tell the truth or you die do the dare or
you die refuse the plane you don't screw
this man you die
[Music]
we're not playing the game it's playing
us so what do we do only choose truth
wait I'm sorry touch me again and I'll
break that hand truth that's not how
this works only game decides honey break
Olivia's hand you have to do it look as
pissed as I am at you right now there's
no way I'm gonna break your hand you
don't really have a choice God just do
it this game is too smart half the
people in this photo are now dead we
need to find the left start at all this
how do we get out of this game alive
you can't it's on the ends of all the
players are dead
maybe returns next dare me to choose the
front of you to kill truth or dare